 Dragonball Advent Truth is a RPE style DBZ MUD. RPE stands
for Roleplaying Enforced. This is much like an RPI only you
are not required to roleplay if you do not want to (not that
RPI demands that) the rules of roleplay and the world of 
roleplay are enforced so that they are not disturbed. So if
you choose not to roleplay you are just not allowed to ruin
or interrupt the roleplay of others.

 RP in DBAT is expressly found in the actual game mechanics.
What your character does, says, emotes, etc. in the game is
part of RP. This we point out because some of you may be
used to a channel format of RP where things in the game are
meaningless from a RP standpoint as RP is done solely on a
channel in its own continuity.

 What your character does should be taken seriously. Would
you expect your character to sit and stare blankly at a wall
for long periods of time as if they were not real? Would you
expect your character to mindlessly attack the same things
over and over again while you make yourself a sandwich? I
didn't think you would. It isn't reasonable. In DBAT you
should try to treat your character like it is a real living
being. That is part of the fun of playing.

 The way DBAT is set up encourages this aspect of play.
Allowing you to play your character's motivations out and
to live their lives through your choices. Whether that is
taking over a city, running a criminal organization, being
the best warrior, making money, or defending the innocent.
It is your choice and you should do your best to have fun
playing out your character's motivations.

